Remove deprecations: tock (#1091)
gazebosim/gz-rendering: Migration.md

notification to users that their code should be upgraded. The next major
release will remove the deprecated code.

## Gazebo Rendering 9.x to 10.x

### Removals

> 1. The environment variable `GZ_RENDERING_RESOURCE_PATH` is removed. Use
> `gz::rendering::getResourcePath()` instead.
> 
> 1. The environment variable `GZ_RENDERING_ENGINE_INSTALL_DIR` is removed. Use
> `gz::rendering::getEngineInstallDir()` instead.

Reviewer: We're still reading the env vars so just clarifying that it's only the macros that are removed:

```suggestion
1. The macro `GZ_RENDERING_RESOURCE_PATH` is removed. Use
`gz::rendering::getResourcePath()` instead.

1. The macro `GZ_RENDERING_ENGINE_INSTALL_DIR` is removed. Use
`gz::rendering::getEngineInstallDir()` instead.
```

1. The macro `GZ_RENDERING_RESOURCE_PATH` is removed. Use
`gz::rendering::getResourcePath()` instead.

1. The macro `GZ_RENDERING_ENGINE_INSTALL_DIR` is removed. Use

> `gz::rendering::getEngineInstallDir()` instead.

Reviewer: So a little confusing but there are 3 forms of `GZ_RENDERING_ENGINE_INSTALL_DIR`
* cmake variable in CMakeLists.txt
* C++ macro in config.hh.in
* environment variable

We removed the C++ macro (and kept the other two). So we can keep this entry in Migration.md

Author: That's right, thanks. [c383af1](https://github.com/gazebosim/gz-rendering/pull/1091/commits/c383af1a7eed3a95b03613c7221d3358688f9858)
